Update Clickjacking_Defense_Cheat_Sheet.md (#217)
OWASP/CheatSheetSeries: cheatsheets/Clickjacking_Defense_Cheat_Sheet.md

    - This prevents any domain from framing the content. This setting is recommended unless a specific need has been identified for framing.
- `Content-Security-Policy: frame-ancestors 'self';`
    - This only allows the current site to frame the content.
- `Content-Security-Policy: frame-ancestors 'self' *.somesite.com https://myfriend.site.com;`
    - This allows the current site, as well as any page on `somesite.com` (using any protocol), and only the page `myfriend.site.com`, using HTTPS only on the default port (443).

> Note that the single quotes are required around 'self' and 'none', but may not occur around other source expressions.

Reviewer: What do you think about the following suggestion, since we want to showcase them as keywords, and that formatting does that better:
```suggestion
Note that the single quotes are required around `self` and `none`, but may not occur around other source expressions.
```
